Added .env.sample file and modified readme.md (#38)
ECellNitrr/teesco-backend: README.md

1. Create a virtual environment with Python3.7: `virtualenv env -p python3.7`
1. Activate the virutal environment: `source /env/bin/activate`
1. Install all the dependencies in `requirements.txt` file: `pip install -r requirements.txt`

> 1. Rename `.env.sample` to `.env` and change the values of variables with original values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make a copy of `.env.sample` to `.env` and change the values of variables with original values.
```
